docs: Add Weightless components. (#466)
open-wc/open-wc: docs/faq/component-libraries.md

- [Vaadin](https://vaadin.com/components)

  Vaadin has a comprehensive set of beautifully crafted, performant, and adaptable UI components for modern mobile-first Web apps. They are the ideal building blocks for Progressive Web Applications.

> - [Wightless](https://weightless.dev/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [Weightless](https://weightless.dev/)
```

>   This light weight component library featuring a wide array of design concepts surfaces a good amount of cusomizability via a thorough component and CSS Custom Property APIs at an all in size investment [just short of 30KB](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=weightless@0.0.34).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  A lightweight component library featuring a wide array of design concepts. It surfaces a good amount of customizability via comprehensive component and CSS Custom Property APIs with a small footprint, [just short of 30KB](https://bundlephobia.com/result?p=weightless@0.0.34).
```
